... you were fantastic, I hope you enjoyed it.
puenta is ...
is there any point?
let's find the punch line.
is there any point in my performance?
I would say it is ...
I have to.
The world is like a ride in an amusement park
and when you decide on it, you think that you are going really, because our minds are so powerful.
And the ride flies up and down and everywhere around,
at times it is frightening, at times calm,
and it is very colorful and it is very loud
and it's fun ... for a while.
Some have been on the ride for a long time
and they start asking the question:
"Is this really happening or is it just a ride?"
And other people who remember come to us and say:
"Hey, do not worry, do not be scared. Never.
Because...
it's just a ride. "
And we ...
we kill these people.
"Silence him!
We have invested a lot in this ride. Quiet him!
Look what wrinkles from worries I have,
Look at my thick bank account
and for my family.
It must be true. "
It's just a ride.
But we always kill those good people who are trying to tell us. Have you noticed this?
And let the demons rule in amok.
But it does not matter anyway, because ...
it's just a ride.
And we can change it whenever we want.
It's just a matter of choice.
No effort, no work, no savings ...
Just choose. Now.
Between fear and love.
The eyes of fear want you to put on a bigger lock in the door, buy a gun, lock yourself in the house.
The eyes of love instead perceive us all as one.
So here's what we can do now to change the world.
To have a better ride.
Take all the money we spend on arms each year
and allocate it to clothing, food and education for the poor of this world
which would turn out many times. No one would feel excluded. And we could conquer the universe.
Together.
Both internal and external ...
forever.
In a room.
Bill Hicks (1961-1994)